# Children block 
* Contributors:      bobbingwide
* Tags:              block
* Requires at least: 5.4.2
* Tested up to:      5.4.2
* Stable tag:        0.3.0
* Requires PHP:      7.3.0
* License:           GPL-2.0-or-later
* License URI:       https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

List children of the current content as links.

## Description 

This is the long description. No limit, and you can use Markdown (as well as in the following sections).

For backwards compatibility, if this section is missing, the full length of the short description will be used, and
Markdown parsed.

## Installation 

This section describes how to install the plugin and get it working.

e.g.

1. Upload the plugin files to the `/wp-content/plugins/children-block` directory, or install the plugin through the WordPress plugins screen directly.
1. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' screen in WordPress


## Frequently Asked Questions 

# A question that someone might have 

An answer to that question.

# What about foo bar? 

Answer to foo bar dilemma.

## Screenshots 

1. This screen shot description corresponds to screenshot-1.(png|jpg|jpeg|gif). Note that the screenshot is taken from
the /assets directory or the directory that contains the stable readme.txt (tags or trunk). Screenshots in the /assets
directory take precedence. For example, `/assets/screenshot-1.png` would win over `/tags/4.3/screenshot-1.png`
(or jpg, jpeg, gif).
2. This is the second screen shot

## Upgrade Notice 
# 0.3.0 
Use the Parent block in child pages to link back to the parent page.

# 0.2.0 
Now implements the child list using server side rendering and supports the depth= parameter

# 0.1.0 
Initial version generated by npm wp-create-block


## Changelog 
# 0.3.0 
* Added: Parent block https://github.com/bobbingwide/children-block/issues/3
* Changed: Prepare for multiple blocks https://github.com/bobbingwide/children-block/issues/2
* Tested: With WordPress 5.4.2 and WordPress Multi Site
* Tested: With PHP 7.3 and PHP 7.4


# 0.2.0 
* Changed: Now implements the child list using server side rendering and supports the depth= parameter https://github.com/bobbingwide/children-block/issues/1

# 0.1.0 
* First version as generated by npm wp-create-block

## Arbitrary section 

You may provide arbitrary sections, in the same format as the ones above. This may be of use for extremely complicated
plugins where more information needs to be conveyed that doesn't fit into the categories of "description" or
"installation." Arbitrary sections will be shown below the built-in sections outlined above.
